docs(badge): update badge documentation (#1910)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/badge.md

_keywords: Ignite UI for Angular, UI controls, Angular widgets, web widgets, UI widgets, Angular, Native Angular Components Suite, Native Angular Controls, Native Angular Components Library, Angular Badge components, Angular Badge controls
---

## Badge

> <p class="highlight">The Ignite UI for Angular Badge is an absolutely positioned element that is used to decorate avatars, navigation menus, or other components in the application when visual notification is needed. Badges usually are designed as icons with a predefined style to communicate information, success, warnings, or errors.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="highlight">The Ignite UI for Angular Badge is a component used in conjunction with avatars, navigation menus, or other components in an application when a visual notification is needed. Badges are usually  designed as icons with a predefined style to communicate information, success, warnings, or errors.</p>
```
